Polishing documentation of libc++ (#132962)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/UserDocumentation.rst

.. contents::
  :local:

This page contains information about for users of libc++:
how to use libc++ if it is not the default library used by the toolchain,
and what configuration knobs are available if libc++ is used by the toolchain.
This page is aimed at users of libc++, whereas a separate page contains documentation

> aimed at vendors who build and ship libc++ as part of their toolchain.

Reviewer: I think this rewording isn't much clearer. Perhaps this can be re-evaluated once the first sentence has been fixed?

> This page contains information about for users of libc++:
> how to use libc++ if it is not the default library used by the toolchain,
> and what configuration knobs are available if libc++ is used by the toolchain.
> This page is aimed at users of libc++, whereas a separate page contains documentation
> aimed at vendors who build and ship libc++ as part of their toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains information for users of libc++: how to use libc++ if it is not
the default library used by the toolchain, and what configuration knobs are available
if libc++ is used by the toolchain. This page is aimed at users of libc++, whereas a
separate page contains documentation aimed at vendors who build and ship libc++
as part of their toolchain.
```

(operating system distribution, SDK, toolchain, etc) and users don't need to do
anything special in order to use the library.

> However, on systems where libc++ is provided but is not the default, we can envoke
> Clang with the flag ``-stdlib=`` to decide which standard library is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, on systems where libc++ is provided but is not the default, Clang can be invoked
with the ``-stdlib=`` flag to select which standard library is used.
```

Using ``-stdlib=libc++`` will select libc++:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ clang++ -stdlib=libc++ test.cpp

> This flag is not required on systems where libc++ is the library in use by default,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This flag is not required on systems where libc++ is the default standard library,
```

such as macOS and FreeBSD.

Enabling experimental C++ Library features
==========================================

Libc++ provides implementations of some experimental features. Experimental features
are either Technical Specifications (TSes) or official features that were voted to
the C++ standard but whose implementation is not complete or stable yet in libc++.
Those are disabled by default because they are neither API nor ABI stable. However,

> users can use the ``-fexperimental-library`` compiler flag to turn those features on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
users can enable the ``-fexperimental-library`` compiler flag to turn those features on.
```
I'm not a huge fan of "users can use".

> users can define the ``-fexperimental-library`` compiler flag to turn those features on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
users can use the ``-fexperimental-library`` compiler flag to turn those features on.
```

.. note::
  Experimental libraries are experimental.
    * The contents of the ``<experimental/...>`` headers and the associated static

>       library will generally not remain compatible between versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      library may not remain compatible between versions.
```

  only intended to be used by vendors and changing their value from the one provided
  in your toolchain can lead to unexpected behavior.

> **_LIBCPP_DISABLE_DEPRECATION_WARNINGS**:

Reviewer: Can you please confirm that in this whole section you only moved things around and didn't make any drive-by changes?

  When this macro is defined, the standard library headers will adhere to a
  stricter policy regarding the (transitive) inclusion of other standard library
  headers, only guaranteeing to provide those definitions explicitly mandated by

>   the standard. Please notice that defining this macro might break existing codebasesgit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the standard. Please notice that defining this macro might break existing codebases
```

Oops?

Libc++ Extensions
=================

This section documents various extensions to the C++ standard library

> provided by libc++ and any information regarding how to use them.

Reviewer: The old formulation was clearer. The new formulation reads as-if libc++ was "providing a C++ standard library".

Reviewer: I don't understand why you marked this comment as resolved but didn't make any changes.

Extended integral type support
------------------------------

Several platforms support types that are not specified in the C++ standard,
such as the 128-bit integral types ``__int128_t`` and ``__uint128_t``.
As an extension, libc++ does a best-effort attempt to support these types like
other integral types, by supporting them notably in:

* ``<bits>``
* ``<charconv>``
* ``<functional>``
* ``<format>``

> * ``<type_traits>``
> * ``<random>``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``<random>``
* ``<type_traits>``
```
assuming you wanted to order the list lexicographically.

Libc++ Extensions
=================

> This section documents various extensions to the C++ standard library
> provided by libc++ and any information regarding how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section documents various extensions provided by libc++
and any information regarding how to use them.
```
